                          te  L ib ra ry  E
          h e  U  ltim  a                   x p e rie n c e
        T           e ! E n t er ta in ! E m  p
         E d u  ca t                            o w  e r!


   Welcome et bienvenue! to the 111th annua!l conference and t!he 19th anniversar!y of Super Conference!
   W  for	very	stressful	times	for	libraries	and	our	partner	orga-at	the	same	time!
   nizations	across	Canada	and	indeNo	matter	what	your	interest,	the	SC	conference	planning
   ies??”	With	increasing	frequencyBarrie	(Hamilton	Public	Library)	and	their	hardworking	team	a
   cies,	as	governments	at	all	leveAnd	let’s	not	forget	the	special	events!	Don’t	miss	Friday	eve-
   appears	to	be	a	disturbing	trendning	under	the	Big	Top	where	you’ll	be	entertained	at	the	Circ
   media	stories	appearing	daily	whence	on	Thursday	evening	with	the	screening	of	the	French	film
   ers	of	our	libraries,	proclaim	them	to	be	obsolete,	and	in	a	very
   loud	way.	Meanwhile,	our	experieI	encourage	you	to	take	advantage	of	the	programs,	events	and
   of	all	types	provide	in	larger	nyour	own	ultimate	conference	experience:	be	educated,	enter-
   Well,	some	may	think	the	Librarytotally	energized	to	continue	to	build	the	stage	for	your	own
   long	live	the	Library!	Through	tcommunity’s	ultimate	library	experience.
   opportunities	to	celebrate	and	sEnjoy!		just	how	wrong	those
   tinue	to	work	hard	to	demonstratAnd	oh	yes...	The Library is Not Duea	d—	Long live the Libra!ry!
   do	this	so	obsessively	that	we	find	we’ve	nothing	left	over	to
   which	send	them	out	into	the	world	as	more	informed,	engaged	s,
   libraries,	where	people	can	interact,	create	and	share	ideas	that
   difference	in	people’s	lives	andKaren	McGratharge.	So	then	maybe
   the	doubters	will	understand:	weOLA President 2012▯ain	and	we
   empower!
   Something	brand	new	this	year	is	La Foire Franco	or	Franco-2013:
   Fest.	Did	you	know	that	Ontario	is	home	to	close	to	600,000
   bec**?	We	are	putting	the	spotlight	on	franco–ontarian	culture
   Ontario.	Check	out	the	Super	Saturday	panel,	the	movie	and	n
   the	other	offerings	in	the	Foire	Franco	stream	—	listen	to	some
   —	take	the	opportunity	to	enjoy	ONT05_024275.htmlperience	and	ca/en/com!munities/francophon!es/profile/
   	                        WWW.ACCESSOLA.COM	                  7

SC2013-program.indd 7                                          13-01-15 3:56 PM