                                                                   O                                SPOTLIGHT

                                                                           1000           mTCC	105/106?
                                                                   S       9:05am

                                                                   L
                                                                           Library design, Viurtual library
                                                                   A

                                                                           Michael Stephens

                                                                           Learning Everywhere:


                                                                           The Transformative Powe!r of

                                                                           Hyperlinked Librari!es


                                                                                                  Mobile	and	Web	technologies	are	changing	the
                                                                                                  way	we	live	and	learn.	Libraries	can	play	a	key	role
                                                                                                  in	this	future.	Imagine	the	emerging	hyperlinked

                                                                                                  library	as	a	creation	space,	community	space,
                                                                                                  anything	space.	Imagine	this	library	available
                                                                                                  everywhere	via	mobile	devices	and	tablets.	How
                                                                                                  will	services	change?	What	skills	will	staff	require?
                                                                                                  What	does	this	future	look	like	going	forward	as
                                                                                                  we	encourage	learning	everywhere	as	a	means	for
                                                                                                  transformative	change	for	ourselves	and	our	users.


                                                                                                  Dr.	Michael	Stephens	is	an	assistant	professor
                                                                                                  with	the	San	Jose	State	University	School	of	Library
                                                                        and	Information	Science.	He	is	a	recognized	scholar	and	educator	in	the	areas
                                                                        of	emerging	technologies	in	libraries,	technology	learning	programs,	user-cen-
                       Librairie Monet is known as Montreal's           tered	planning	for	libraries,	and	future	roles	of	librarians	and	libraries.	Stephens
                       French-language most specialized                 has	made	presentations	about	emerging	technologies,	innovation,	and	libraries
                       bookstore in Children’s literature,              to	audiences	in	more	than	26	states	and	8	countries.
                       Comics and Graphic novels as well
                       as for it’s exhaustive selection of              Both

                       General and Academic publications.               Convenor: ElizabethN Gordon, OSLA 2012 NPresident and KawarNtha Pine Ridge DSB
                       Come and visit us at BOOTH 621.
                       We will introduce you to our online
                       catalogue Monet PRO.


                       La Librairie Monet est renommée

                       pour sa spécialisation en Littérature
                       jeunesse et en Bande dessinée, et
                       pour sa vaste sélection d'ouvrages de
                       Littérature générale et universitaire.
                       Venez nous rencontrer au Stand 621.
                       Nous vous présenterons notre
                       catalogue virtuel Monet PRO.



Galeries Normandie, 2752, rue de Salaberry Montréal (QC) H3M 1L3
       Tél. : 514-337-4083 librairiemonet.com• monetpro.ca         	                                            WWW.ACCESSOLA.COM



                                                              SC2013-program.indd 55