      S





                                       s   o  n    C   a  r e
                          F  o   c u                          e  r s




    9:1amTO	11:am	          mTCC	201             Meet The Employer
                                                 •	 Mississauga	Library	System
    Are	you	seeking	a	new	position?	Thinking	abou•	mC.N.I.B	ca-
    reer	change?	A	soon-to-be-grad?	The	OLA	Mento•	nVaughan	Public	Libraries
    Centre	–	just	for	you!services	on	Saturday	mo•	iWestern	Universitylty	of	Information	and	Media	Studies,
                                                 …more	to	be	added
    Drop	in	for	a	short	time	or	stay	for	the	morning.
                                                 Coaches’ Corner
    New this year:
    Speed Dating with a! Twist – Speed Netwo!rkin‘a	taste	of	coaching’	on	a	prescheduled	basis.	The	opportunity
                                                 to	register	for	a	private	20-minute	session	with	a	career	coach
    Everyone	is	doing	it!	So	why	not	Super	Conferwill	be	communicated	to	registered	conference	delegates	in
    Courtney	Lundrigan,	our	Human	Library	expert,early	January,	2013.	What	are	your	needs?
    professionals	and	those	about	to	graduate	wil•	bWould	you	like	to	make	a	career	transition?
    established	professionals	to	‘meet	and	networ•		Would	you	like	to	know	how	a	job	coach	can	help	you?
    ‘dates’.	Anticipate	lots	of	laughs	and	learn	•	rWould	you	like	to	discuss	a	difficult	work-related	situation
                                                    in	confidence?
    •	 What	courses	should	I	take	after	graduatio•	 Would	you	like	to	use	a	‘coach	approach’	as	one	of	your
    •	 What	book(s)	should	I	be	reading?            management	strategies?
    •	 What’s	the	first	thing	I	should	do	to	findThe	Job Board will	have	postings	of	positions	that	are	open	at
    •	 How	should	I	prepare	to	move	into	managemethe	time	of	the	conference.
    •	 What	is	the	best	tip	for	balancing	career,	family	and	social
    •	 And	more!                                 Drop	in	and	chat	about	your	resume,	talk	about	how	to	put
                                                 your	best	foot	forward	during	interviews,	and	check	out	the	job
    Pre-registration	will	occur	in	early	January	board.











    84	                              OLA	SUPER	CONFERENCE	2013


SC2013-program.indd 84                                                                   13-01-15 3:58 PM