        T




      Google vs Databases! : Comparison of Infor!mation Retrievaling	door-to-door.	It	was	very	hard	to	track	problems	and	ensure
      Systems                                                    consistent	quality	services.	This	new	procedure	enables	the
      Marg	Baltzer,	London	District	Catholic	School	Board        library	to	document	systems	problems	and	allocate	resources
      We	have	access	to	an	unprecedented	amount	of	electronic	   more	efficiently.	This	poster	will	share	our	success	and	experi-
      information.	In	general,	it	appears	that	most	people	have	cence	with	the	new	procedure.
      to	rely	on	search	engines	as	their	preferred	information	source.
      Librarians	and	other	key	stakeholders	prefer	to	access	infoBack to the future?! a Team-based approach! to Collections
      mation	from	subscription	based	databases.	In	an	objective,	Linda	Graburn,	University	of	Guelph
      evidence	based	approach	we	evaluated	the	effectiveness	and	Poster	presents	a	case	study	on	the	implementation	of	an

      efficiency	of	search	engines	and	databases.	The	results	shointegrated	Information	Resources	team	of	librarians	respon-
      statistically	significant	difference	in	search	results	thatsible	for	all	aspects	of	collection	development,	management
      sist	key	stakeholders	to	make	more	informed	decisions.	    and	assessment.	As	opposed	to	the	more	common	“liaison”
                                                                 model	of	distributed	collections	responsibilities,	the	advan-
      A central place to! manage system prob!lems                tages	of	an	integrated,	dedicated	team	lie	in	the	areas	of	shared
      Grace	Liu,	University	of	Windsor	Leddy	Library             decision-making,	improved	book	plan	design,	greater	potential
      Do	you	have	a	central	place	to	report	and	track	system	probfor	research	collaboration,	and	easier	management	of	workload
      lems?	Have	you	had	complaints	on	service	delay?	In	Novemberand	professional	development	opportunities.	Additional	ben-
      2011,	our	library	developed	a	new	procedure	adopting	an	emaefits	of	this	staffing	model	include	improved	ability	to	deal	with
      account	as	the	primary	contact	for	library	staff	to	report	the	challenges	of	dwindling	budgets,	support	interdisciplinary

      problems.	In	previous	practice,	such	reports	went	to	indiviresearch,	resolve	access	issues,	and	meet	provincial	“Institu-
      technicians’	telephones,	emails	or	expressed	directly	by	kntional	Quality”	assessment	requirements.







               Y    ou can be an
                                                                                          IS PROUD
                                                                                   TO BE POWERING THE
                                                                                       OLA 2013 APP
                                                                                                         Vis433Booth
                                               Library


                                                                               Information. Instantly. Just One Click.
                                                                               Don’t make patrons launch a web browser to ﬁnd you.
                                                                               branded app from Boopsie—it’s the easiest way for
                                                                               patrons to ﬁnd what they’re looking for.
                                                                               By clicking on your library icon from their home screen,
                                                                               they’re immediately connected.

                                                                               Any phone. Any network.
                                                                               Give your community a library icon from Boopsie, the
                                                                               mobile experts for libraries.

                                                                               www.boopsie.com/library • 206-510-7298










      48	                                        OLA	SUPER	CONFERENCE	2013



SC2013-program.indd 48                                                                                                13-01-15 3:58 PM