                                                                                           W



                                                                              102
                            ALL-CONFERENCE                                    IChlOwEr	lOBBy
       O                   OPENING PLENARY                                    9:00p	–	10:3pm
       L                                                                      ALL CONFERENCE EVENT

       A      101 	 	      ICTC	BallrOOm
              7:3pm                                                           Super

                                                                              Conference

              Michael Uslan                                                   2013

                                                                              Welcome
                               Michael	Uslan	is	best	known	as	the	originator	and
                               Executive	Producer	of	the	Batman	movie	series,	Party
                               starting	with	Tim	Burton’s	1989	film,	and	continu-
                               ing	to	the	recent	The Dark Knight Riuse.s	Less	Start	your	Conference	off	the
                               known	is	that	the	first	Batman	film	was	the	culright	way!
                               nation	of	a	decade	long	effort	by	Uslan	to	bring
                               a	serious,	dark	version	of	the	character	to	theNetworking….socialiTzing…	.
                               screen.	Uslan’s	start	in	the	world	of	comics	waand	the	#SC13	Tweetup.
                               unlikely	as	his	success	in	bringing	Batman	to	the
                               theaters.	                                     And	back	again	by	popular	de-
                                                                              mand...Bret	Higgins	and	his
                               Born	into	a	blue	collar	family	in	New	Jersey,	Ujazz	band	–	The	Bluenotes!
                               was	instilled	at	an	early	age	to	find	work	to	be
        passionate	about.	Knowing	he	loved	comics	and	films,	he	set	about	creaWith the generous suupport of
        career.

        While	attending	Indiana	University,	he	successfully	created	and	taught	the
        world’s	first	accredited	college	course	on	comic	books.	The	class	took	an
        academic	approach	to	the	folklore	of	comic	books.	A	media	storm	ensued,
        improbably	leading	to	a	job	at	DC	Comics	for	Uslan.

        As	an	authority	on	comic	book	history,	he	has	authored	The Comic Book in
        America,	America at War: A History of War Comics	and	Mysteries in Space:u A
        History of Science Fuiction Comics	also	authored	a	children’s	book
        Chatterbox: The Birud Who Wore Glasse	sand	the	acclaimed	graphic	novel	Bat-
        man: Detective #27n	2008,	Uslan	lent	his	expertise	to	the	Starz	documentary
        Comic Books Unbound,	which	explores	the	popularity	of	comic	book	heroes	in
        Hollywood	and	how	they	have	transitioned	from	print	to	screen.

        Uslan	has	received	an	Emmy	for	Where on Earth is Cuarmeo,	the	Inde-
        pendent	Spirit	Award,	The	Hoagy	Carmichael	Creative	Achievement	Award	and
        The	Distinguished	Hoosier	Award.

        Uslan	holds	a	Doctor	of	Jurisprudence,	a	Master	of	Science	and	a	Bachelor’s
        Degree	from	Indiana	University.	He	lives	in	New	Jersey	with	his	wife.	They’ve
        been	married	for	38	years	—	a	Hollywood	record.





     	                                     WWW.ACCESSOLA.COM	                                      25



SC2013-program.indd 25                                                                           13-01-15 3:57 PM